IfcDistributionSystem Rail Relocated Pset_EnvironmentalCondition (#312)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/m/MaximumSolarRadiation_3GwIZXL0151QO$6Rwbh8Tj/Documentation.md

> Maximum level of solar radiation that the equipment complies with, usually measured by duration of solar radiation.

Reviewer: Duration seems like a time measure. Would that be better than `IfcReal`?

Reviewer 2: as with sergej is this an intensity/density measurement therfore solar irradiance is measured in W/m2 which is a 'Power density' that does not exist yet, if it is inintegrated over time then becomes J/m2 which is an Energy density again isnt a measure for that.... i would add an example SI based unit like above to the description so people know what it should be until we have the measures added to #336

> Maximum level of solar radiation that the equipment complies with. The value indicates power density measured in watt per square meter (w/m2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maximum level of solar irradiance that the equipment can operate effectively in. This is usually tested and measured by a national or international standard. The value indicates power density measured in watt per square meter (w/m2).
```
suggest name change to `MaximumSolarIrradiance` which is the correct scientific naming for the intended process being described.
